# Tensor-Projection

This paper is motivated by the problem of mapping and transforming the multidimensional array faced in the machine learning field. The current related solutions are limited in three-dimension. Even if they are capable of solving multidimensional problems, most of them are dependent on third-party script libraries, and mechanisms of them are vapid and incomprehensible. 

This paper proposes a more universal and innovative algorithmic logic, designed to solve the problem of extracting spatial dimensions from actual application scenarios and accurately positioning any data unit. Developers can directly use or transplant the algorithms without focusing on their mathematical principle. In this paper, for the multidimensional array, the author mathematically analyzes its transformation mechanism and reveals its projection law. At the same time, the author uses the cutting-edge quantum computing language (Q#) to provide a complete set of efficient algorithms that help encourage readers to join the quantum revolution as early as possible to obtain the most up-to-date knowledge and skills and get inspired. The practical application indicates that this algorithm can completely transform the traditional multilayer nested loop algorithm into a multi-kernel parallel traversal structure, thereby significantly improving the operating efficiency. 

In future research, the author will use pure qubit superposition and entanglement technology to improve the algorithm further and will effectively promote the fundamental theoretical research of artificial intelligence.
